{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  \cf2 DATA for: \
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Data Driven Science & Engineering: Machine Learning, Dynamical Systems, and Control\
by S. L. Brunton and J. N. Kutz\
Cambridge Textbook, 2019\
 \
Copyright 2019, All Rights Reserved\
\
Please cite this book when using this code/data.  \
\
Unzip into same directory as code from CODE.zip \
\
==============\
\
Fluid flow past a cylinder at Reynolds number 100\
\
VORTALL.mat \'97 151 snapshots of vorticity field.  Also includes an extra snapshot for testing.  (snapshot resolution 449 x 199)\
\
Data is generated using Immersed Boundary Projection Method (IBPM) Code: \
    https://github.com/cwrowley/ibpm\
\
IBPM code is based on immersed boundary method of Taira and Colonius (please cite these two papers if using this code):\
    The immersed boundary method: a projection approach\
    K. Taira and T. Colonius\
    Journal of Computational Physics 225(2):2118\'972137, 2007\
    http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jcp.2007.03.005\
\
    A fast immersed boundary method using a nullspace approach and multi-domain far-field boundary conditions\
    T. Colonius and K. Taira\
    Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering 197(25):2131-2146, 2008\
    http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2007.08.014\
\
==============\
\
Human faces for eigenfaces examples:\
\
allFaces.mat \'97 each column vector is a human face that has been reshaped from 192 x 168 (n x m) into a 32256x1 column vector.  There are faces from 38 individuals.  The number of faces for each individual are given in the vector nfaces.    \
\
This data is modified from the Extended Yale Face Database B.  If using this data, please also cite the following two papers:\
\
[1] A. S. Georghiades, P. N. Belhumeur, and D. J. Kriegman, From few to many: Illumination cone models for face recognition under variable lighting and pose, IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell., 23 (2001), pp. 643\'96660. \
\
[2] K. Lee, J. Ho, and D. J. Kriegman, Acquiring linear subspaces for face recognition under variable lighting, IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell., 27 (2005), pp. 684\'96698. \
\
Link to website: vision.ucsd.edu/content/extended-yale-face-database-b-b}